In this exercise, you went through the process of scanning
Terraform code and identifying a misconfiguration with the regular tool.
Since the steps in this exercise were very
similar to the walk through which I had previously demonstrated,
you may refer to that for a step-by-step solution to this exercise.
For this exercise, when you ran the regular tool,
initially your output should have contained JSON statements like the above.
You should have seen the summary portion which indicated that rules had failed.
You would have also identified the failed rule by the indication of a valid key of false.
You should have remediated the vulnerability in your Terraform code
by changing the policy so that no longer allowed admin access.
You may have updated the action portion of the policy from an allow
all wildcard to a specific action or set of actions.
Once the fix was made,
you ran the regular tool again.
You should have seen the summary portion which indicated that all rules have now passed.
The applicable rule that previously failed would now
show as a valid Terraform template according to the IAM admin policy rule.